Documents/Planning/Graduation.md, before:

# Graduation

How will I handle Graduation prep

## What do I look for

## Which companies do I find attracting to stay at

## What kind of Project do I want to do

## How do I take time for this preparation while doing this semester

## Where do I look for companies

## My time plan

## From Canvas

Note down in a structured format (mindmap, bullet points, essay, etc.) your thoughts about this. What questions do you have and would like an answer to? What weak and strong skills have you identified in yourself? What is your outlook on the future? What are typical companies you would (or wouldn't) like to work for? These questions are but some examples of what is worth thinking of. Be honest with yourself.

Hand in a document (1 A4) with the following content

- Description of the company and the assignment of your internship.
- Evaluation of your internship (what went good, what would you like to change).
- Your ideas regarding your graduation project: what type of company, what subject?
- An example of a suitable graduation project (e.g. link to [ASAM](https://asam.fhict.nl/student/)).
- Your approach to obtain a suitable graduation project (including time plan).

Commit message:

changes to the graduation preparation plan

Documents/Planning/Graduation.md, after:

# Graduation

How will I handle Graduation prep

## What do I look for

I look for a company where I can learn a lot from mostly with unknown technologies that I haven't used yet and industry. Furthermore, if it's something I already know then I can learn the various way on how it can be used. Be it good or bad it doesn't matter as long as I learn something from it.  
After that I look for a company where there is possibility for growth within like getting a job offer or a recommendation something like that but it's more an afterthought.

## Which companies do I find attracting to stay at

I looked first at government jobs as this is something I didn't do yet as I worked with a small, medium and a big company already so I'm looking for the government to see which one is the type I most like out of them and how it would be different from commercial jobs.

## What kind of Project do I want to do

I'm looking mainly for back-end projects and then possibly something todo with the database or templating as those are one of the few things I quite enjoy. With one of the open internships searches that I currently have to the dutch marine there is also a possibility to work with VR so this also something that I could enjoy as I never worked with it but I'm interested in it.

## How do I take time for this preparation while doing this semester

On wednesday and thursday in the morning I look for some companies and then either in the afternoon or on friday I will send emails to these companies that I found.

## Where do I look for companies

I started with looking through ASAM, the partner in education and then I looked at  Indeed. With looking at the school side (mainly partner in education) I look if they do something with software if so I will look further otherwise I will go to the next one. This is done to minimize "wasted" time on companies where I can't do anything.

## My time plan

I don't have a concrete time plan as the current semester is also important and I mainly look at the first few pages of the company to know what they do before sending an email or fill in their form for vacancies. But my time plan is take an hour from either wednesday or thursday morning to look for companies and then 2 hours to act on the companies after a while to look at them critically again to make sure I want to stay at this company and what my main motivations for them are.
